Initial version for WinWing CDU documentation (#273)
neilenns-projects/mobiflight-docs: content/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/_index.md

---

> title: WINWING CDU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: WINWING CDU
description: Instructions on how to use the WINWING CDU with MobiFlight.
```

> weight: 50

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 30
```

---

> WINWING CDU display support is automatic on run, if a supported plane and a CDU are detected. To prevent MobiFlight from taking over the CDU, disable it in `Extras->Settings->Peripherals`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WINWING CDU display support is automatic on run, if a supported plane and a CDU are detected. To prevent MobiFlight from taking over the CDU, disable it by following the [disabling joysticks](/joysticks/disabling/) guide.
```

## Installing Python

> Follow the [guide](/guides/installing-python/).

Reviewer: This would be better for new users if it were combined with the later statement that it a pre-requisite, instead of just a header that says "Installing Python" with no context as to why this would be important.

Perhaps this can be restructured as a callout:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> WINWING CDU support depends on Python. See the [Python installation guide](/guides/installing-python) for steps on how to install Python for use with MobiFlight.

## General remarks

> - Python is a mandatory prerequisite.

Reviewer: I think the header and the python note can be removed to simplify the page if the above important block change is made.

- If MobiFlight has detected the CDU on startup, it will show `->MobiFlight<-` on the display.

> - Do not run SimAppPro in parallel. After using SimAppPro, reconnect device to the USB port. MobiFlight currently relies on the CDU default power-on display settings, which might have been changed by a running  SimAppPro instance.

Reviewer: I've read this a few times and don't understand it. Is there a way to simplify this, or to re-order it so it shows what is required first, and then the thing to do second?

> - Currently, only **default font** is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only **default font** is supported.
```

Reviewer: I would also move this to the end of the list, it is the least important of the notes.

> - Use SimAppPro to set the CDU to CAPTAIN, OBSERVER or CO-PILOT mode. If several CDUs are connected, they need to be in different modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If multiple CDUs are connected, they need to be assigned separate modes. Use SimAppPro to set each CDU to CAPTAIN, OBSERVER or CO-PILOT mode. 
```

## Further information

{{< cards >}}

{{< card link="/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/troubleshooting/" title="Troubleshooting" icon="information" >}}
{{< card link="/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/supported-aircraft/" title="Supported aircraft" icon="information" >}}
{{< card link="/joysticks/winwing/winwing-cdu/dev-instructions/" title="Developer instructions" icon="information" >}}

> {{< /cards >}}

Reviewer: This is cool!
